however I welcome to Nicko's kitchens
what you want today's recipe request
comes in from the Facebook user Johann
Soren guard and he has asked me to make
some rena schnitzel so let's get started
it's good budget meals Monday what you
want Wednesday fast food Friday Bashar
so of course we're going to be using
some veal traditionally that's what's
used in a Venus schnitzel and the cut
that I'm using here today is from the
rib area it's a veal cutlet it's got
great flavor to it you use whatever cut
of veal steak that you like and whatever
you can get your hands on you can also
get your butcher to prepare it for you
as well but I'm going to quickly show
you how to get it nice and thin so what
I've done is I've cut if you're using
the cutlet like I am I've cut it off the
bone so I've got rid of that part
trimmed off the fat and then I'm going
to put it into a snap lock bag and then
I'm going to use a meat hammer and I'm
going to hammer out the meat until it's
nice and thin you can also use a pot to
do this as well if you don't have a meat
hammer to do it and this is the
thickness you can see here this is the
thickness that we are after not
something you can see how you know we've
gone from a steak that size and almost
tripled it in size now you've seen me do
this many times before I've set up a
breading station because obviously we're
going to be coating our veal in some
flour some egg and also some breadcrumb
but first I've got some flour now very
important don't season the flour just
normal plain flour and I'm going to grab
our veal I'm just going to coat it in
that flour it's very important also when
you're doing venison it'll don't press
anything in just you know get some flour
put it on the top like that dust the
excess off don't get your hands in and
really press it all in the next step of
course is some eggs and
just got two egg yolks there's no milk
there's no water just eggs and I'm going
to lay the veal straight in there and
get it nicely coated and lastly I've got
some bread crumbs again they're not
seasoned they're just ordinary bread
crumbs make sure you use dried bread
crumbs to this don't use fresh and I'm
going to get our veal from our egg and
again don't press it in you just want to
put it on there like that okay that's
exactly what we are after so just keep
repeating that process with as many
Venus nettles as you want to make now
we're going to be cooking our schnitzel
and in a large pan here I've got some
butter now some of you will be saying
some butter my god how much butter is
that now traditionally this is done with
butter and it's shallow fried and that's
how it's done today a lot of restaurants
and a lot of people will do deep fried
in a canola oil or something like that
which is a healthier alternative so I'm
going to be placing our schnitzel in and
because it is quite thin I only want to
cook it for about three minutes a minute
and a half each side the outside will be
nice and golden brown do this over a
medium to high heat
so just check it out I've pulled out our
Venus missile from the pan beautiful
golden brown the smell is wonderful
and look at that nice crust it's puffed
up a little bit and that's exactly what
we want now what are we going to serve
with this normally I would serve a
potato gratin with this because I think
it goes great potatoes in this dish are
just a match made in heaven I will pop a
link to some potato gratin that I've
made before in the description if you
want to go and check out that video but
what I'm going to serve this up with
today are some boiled baby potatoes and
I've just dressed them in a little bit
of olive oil season them with some salt
and pepper and then I've put some fresh
herbs I've got some parsley some chives
and and I've just popped it I've also
got some dill and I've just mixed it
through there and I'm going to be
serving that up with this and of course
it wouldn't be complete without a slice
of lemon on the side and you're going to
use that lemon you can pop it over the
potatoes of course pop it over the
schnitzel there and I tell you what guys
this is dudes food it's my sort of food
I love it let's get stuck into this bad
boy
so this is one of my favorite favorite
dishes I absolutely love this let's give
it a try oh there's there's no words
it's just so tender and moist on the
inside beautiful crispy and you know
what the the lemon over it goes
fantastically well I love this dish and
like I said before sure you can do some
healthier versions of it but you know
what this is a real treat I love it
please give this one a go it is awesome